Add a macro to make initialization easier (#103)
rust-embedded/embedded-alloc: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Added a `init` macro to make initialization easier.

### Changed

> - The `init` function will panic if it's called more than once or with `size == 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Heap::init` methods now panic if they're called more than once or with `size == 0`.
```

### Added

- Added a `init` macro to make initialization easier.

> - Added a flag to prevent duplicate initialization

Author: Done
